
README: Inventory Management and Statistical Analysis System


This system is designed to automate and optimize inventory management and order processing, incorporating statistical analysis to enhance decision-making for a retail chain. Implemented using FastAPI, the system integrates advanced functionalities that facilitate automatic inventory updates, order management, as well as secure authentication and authorization using Auth0.

Key Features

Order Management: Supports searching, adding, deleting, and importing orders.
Product Management: Includes importing product lists and updating prices.
Statistical Analysis: Uses historical data to generate statistics on product demand.
Secure Authentication: Uses Auth0 for user management and access control.
Intuitive Interface: Eases daily operations for end-users.
Technologies Used

FastAPI: A Python framework for building high-performance APIs.
SQLAlchemy: ORM for database manipulation and querying.
Pandas: A Python library for data analysis.
Auth0: Platform for managing authentications and authorizations.
Project Setup

Requirements
Python 3.8+
pip
Installation
Clone the repository:
bash

git clone [repository URL]
Install the dependencies:

pip install -r requirements.txt

Execution
To start the FastAPI server, run:

uvicorn main:app --reload

This command launches the application on localhost:8000 where you can access the API documentation automatically generated by FastAPI.

API Usage

Import Orders: Submit a CSV file to import orders via /orders/import_order.
Search Orders: Retrieve specific order details by ID using /orders/search_order_by_id.
Update Inventory: Automatically update the product inventory using /products.
Security

To access secure operations of the API, users must authenticate through Auth0. Auth0 documentation and specific domain settings should
be configured according to the needs of the production environment.

Contributions

Contributions are welcome. To contribute, please fork the repository, create a new branch for your features or fixes, and then submit a pull request.


This README provides a detailed and structured guide for setting up, using, and developing the inventory management and statistical analysis system. 
It is suitable for use on GitHub to help developers and users understand and collaborate on the project.



